Here are some random sentences.  Let's parse them :)  That'll be fun!!  

If you can really see the future, you could've prevented all of this! I just have to report a really beautiful example I heard on my favorite public radio station on Feb. 16 during their recent fund drive. I've met a member of their developmember staff and been interviewed by her, which's to say it's awesome.  I won't name her simply because she might be "embarrassed," and I wouldn't want to cause that. 

This powerful true story of human decency and courage, so rare in the tragic annals of World War II, is badly spoiled by terrible writing. Many of the reviews here explain just what makes the writing so bad (e.g., John Sollami's 3-star review and comments on it) so I shan't and won't do that here.  It's repetitive, slow, not interesting and I think if I have to read the word "saumensch" or "saukerl" one more time, I'll be done with this book forever.  Because you haven't sopped up enough of that yet in your life, right? 

By far my favorite book! The language is beautiful and imaginative, and you can't help but fall in love with the characters.  You have to have studied WW2 extensively along with the love for fiction and the struggle theme that's projected through this whole book.  Little do they know he has fled to london and they're forced to stay with Marie's great uncle Etienne where they remain hidden.
  
Intriguing story. I love how the book is arranged: parallel narration, third-person perspective, chapter-by-chapter with a changing view brought by new characters of what's happening along the theme.  The characters are all connected yet seemingly disconnected.  It's like watching a movie with the reader as the camera: we know all the sides but we don't know how it is going. It keeps the reader engaged. Definitely a page-turner.

Where's the thriller?!!  He drives slow, uses a shoehorn, doesn't know about hybrid cars, disagrees with using credit cards for shopping, doesn't use a coffee maker because a percolator is perfectly fine, etc. I'm sorry but age 59 just doesn't fit the story.  Ove comes to like the cat and suddenly they're best friends. At least the story's predictability saved me from fretting incessantly about the cat. 

She's a take-no-prisoners fireball. He's a sweet-talking charmer. It could be love... if they don't kill each other first. Enemies to lovers romance.
 
It wouldn't have (wouldn't've or had?) bothered me if it only appeared in dialogue, but I recall it occured several times in the narrative (by .... I started this comment to say that the 'spelling correction' explanation seemed less likely in examples with things separating the 'of' and 'have').